# What is the name of your project. Who are your teammates (plus emails)
Our group 3 project is called “Synchro Robot Dancing”. Group members are: Brendon Lu (brendonlu@brandeis.edu) and Joshua Liu (joshliu@brandeis.edu). 
# What is your final project, what do you want to demo on showcase day?
“Synchro Robot Dancing” is meant to be a showcase of our application of robot movement, localization, and tf2 ROS concepts. As of March 11th, 2022 , our project is planned to be a set of 2, 3 or 4 robots (with the number depending on availability) performing a series of movements and patterns of varying complexity. These movements will include synchronized robot movement (such as all robots moving a fixed distance in the same direction), robots re-positioning themselves (such as forming a line from a disorganized formation), and robots moving in relation to one another (such as orbiting robots). A user will select choreographed dance routines, which we will construct using a set of the aforementioned movements and patterns, using teleop input.
# What do you hope / expect to learn in doing this?
Our group seeks to learn more about robot localization and transformation concepts by practicing applying the concepts to multiple robots in a fun and exciting way. We hope our project will also serve as a useful learning tool for demonstrating localization and tf2. 
# How would you like it to be evaluated?
Ideally we would like to be evaluated based on: how well our project demonstrates localization (using fiducials) and tf2 and the novelty and complexity of our robots’ dance performances. As we complete more of the project and delve into more specificity, we expect our goals will likely change, along with evaluation criteria.
